hello kira would roll completely
421 so now i'm calling the numbers on
of our ps you say there the author notes
tell the subscriber number of your style
the contour which 421 will say you say
tell the operator Borovitskaya
tell me your phone number tell me
hello 4 274 borovitskaya operator
i will try to connect you now i am you
I'll connect myself, but I understand that
understood stay on the line say
put what you say operator boletus
tell me what is wrong
Borovitskaya , thanks now life
stayed on the line ok so the operator
Borovitskaya
slagheap 420 10 283
Well, to the pirates Borovets
go remember this name to us dear it is not
and without subscription they live